Why hasn't Lin Feng contacted me yet?
No, I have to take the initiative.
Hey, Mr. Gao
Do you have Lin Feng's contact information?
Yes, that poor boy in our class in high school.
Brother Feng, you are here
Well, I'll pick you up now.
Oh, this Phil
Living in such a big house
The door is not even closed
Oh, Mr. Chen
Come in, please
Chen Shao Chen Shao
Take a look
Look at this house
Our family Phil
Now he's a well-known anchor.
Even Shengxiao Villa is affordable
Definitely worthy of you
Come sit down
Please take a seat
Um
Is it worthy?
Let's talk about it after we meet someone.
Hey, hey, good, good
Mom and Dad, why are you in my house?
Isn't this for your life?
Hey, this is Chen Tiansheng, the eldest son of the Chen family.
A blind date specially found for you
This figure is amazing
This is obviously the material for giving birth to a son, hahahaha
Your dad
Aren't you selling your daughter?
Oh, Phil.
Why are you saying this so harshly?
Mom and Dad, isn't this for your own good?
The Chen family is a colonel in the capital.
You have to grasp it well